Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
Gonna Peck It. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. It is
Monday morning and we have a good amount
of orders and we have some big stuff
going out or
>> not a whole lot of not really hard packs
today.
>> Yeah. No,
>> I don't think so. Anyway,
>> the only breakable thing is in it's in
its original box. So, there you go.
>> There you go. You jinxed it.
>> There you go. H.
>> So, what he's packing first is a lot of
25 35 mm movie trailer reels.
>> Very happy.
But heck, we've Let's see. Since we've
listed these
uh I listed these What? What was that?
Was that on That was Thursday, right?
>> Uh yes.
>> So, I I
I locked myself in the office on
Thursday with with Toby the cat.
And I I got 10 of these listings up.
>> Yeah.
>> And three have sold already.
>> Yep. Can't beat that.
>> Oh, you could if four sold,
>> I guess. Or all 10,
>> right? See, I mean, you could. Yeah.
>> Nice for more. How's that?
>> The same thing.
>> I like that.
>> There we go. That's it. I like that.
>> That's the ticket.
>> Yeah, there we Oh, I like that even
better.
>> Yeah, that's the ticket.
>> Who was that? The um Sorry, not live.
>> Yeah. Yeah, boss. Yeah, that's it.
That's the ticket.
>> Um
>> what was his name?
>> What? David Spade. No,
>> no, it was the other guy,
>> John Love.
>> Love it. John Loveitz.
>> Yeah.
>> I like when he would play the like the
devil.
>> He was funny.
>> Love it. Love it was different for sure.
All right, let's see.
>> I'm going to go ahead and use a ground
advantage box on these shoes right here.
>> Okie do.
>> When you're done with that box, I'll
move it.
Not that you can't.
>> Okay, boss.
Man, Love it was almost He was a little
too weird for his own good sometimes,
though.
>> He was something.
>> He came in. He was He was like He was
always the more sarcastic type of humor,
you know? Yeah.
>> Like
>> I don't think he ever played the
straight man. Huh?
>> Super sarcastic.
>> Like never.
>> Oh, no.
>> Oh, you said you were going to move him
for me. Oh, well, just done.
Sorry.
>> Oh, no. I'll act like I'm I'm so angry
that you did that, but I'm really not.
Somebody's going to be sporting some
shiny
some bright shiny newbound NBs.
>> They're triple white.
>> They really are. Is that what the uh
listing says?
>> Yeah. Triple white.
>> Okay.
Don't step on those shoes.
>> Yeah. They're cool looking.
All right. Okie do.
Oh,
>> that's a ribbon lot. I don't know if
it's ready to go or not. I don't
remember.
>> Okay. I'll pop it open real quick.
All right,
this is our third sale out of the filler
bag. So, so far we've sold
we've sold a lot of button. Yeah,
they're ready to go, by the way. We sold
a big lot of buttons. We sold this
and we sold a
armchair pen cushion out of that stuff.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Each one of those things we sold for 25.
So we've sold 75
$75 so far.
>> Yep. And we're into it for 10. They were
trash bags filler bags for $5 each.
>> And we haven't even sold our big monies
big money uh listings yet. or big
monies.
>> What' I say? Big
>> big money.
>> We haven't even sold the large like
because we had one lot of yarn that was
hundred and I don't remember what the
Oh, and then um this the van the Vanna
White
>> Oh, yeah.
>> yarn or whatever.
>> Yep.
>> Think I think two lots of that.
And then this past Friday,
we went crazy at a um I think I'll just
use
>> You went crazy.
>> We did. We went crazy at a um
>> at a sale where they had the the beer
taps.
>> Yep.
>> That was awesome. That was fun. That was
a fun sale.
>> Fun sale.
>> And that lady, she said she's got a
warehouse full of stuff, so we may be
getting a call from her.
>> I hope so. I mean, we we didn't even
really like we dealt we wheeled and
dealed a little bit. Welt and dealt.
>> Welt and dealt.
>> I was thinking I was just thinking about
that like what's what's the correct
tense?
But no, we we we wee and deal a little
bit,
but we paid pretty close to what she was
asking fairly.
She had two displays
of the tap handles
that
you could tell that she she liked better
than the rest. Right, Candace?
>> Right. That the ones she thought were
special,
>> right? And so
she had those priced at 75
for the 10 for each 10. And then she had
like it's got to be at least 15 more
taps tap handles. Yep.
>> That were in a basket.
So, we ended up paying her asking price
on the um
on the ones that were like 10 for 75.
We paid asking for that part and I got
her to throw in all the ones in the
basket.
>> Yeah.
which was quite a throwin because she
was originally asking $10 a piece for
those,
which was odd because she was asking
more for those than the ones that were
on the Hand me one of those. I'll show
them what I'm talking about.
>> Okay.
>> There's um
there were two of these things
like this. Probably some kind of just
custommade thing.
>> Yeah. A little stand for the top
handles.
>> Yeah. I don't know if we're going to
sell these or not.
might
>> shipping would be so high because
they're so long.
>> Yeah. I don't know.
>> We might be able to I don't know.
>> Yeah.
But anyways,
yeah, that was fun.
>> Maybe somebody will buy a bunch and we
can message them and see if they'd be
interested in buying them, you know. Oh,
you're waiting for the next
>> I don't mind I don't mind uh shipping
those, honestly. And they look
>> No, I I know that. I'm just saying I
don't know if somebody'd be willing to
pay the shipping what it would cost.
Don't know if unless we try.
>> Yep.
>> Give it a shot.
Okay, I'm going to go
this and this. Oops.
Yeah, we bought that.
Well, like it's pro. It's got to be like
35. It's probably about I don't have a
solid count.
>> Three beer signs.
What else?
>> Oh, then we bought a bunch of books.
>> Books. Some vintage sci-fi books.
>> Yep.
We spent like $240 here.
>> Yeah.
>> Seemed like we bought a few other
things.
>> I bought those two concrete things for
myself.
>> I'm trying to think of what else we
bought all day on Friday. I can't
remember. It seems so long ago.
>> I know.
So, I don't think we bought a ton aside
from that stuff. Oh, I bought those cool
boots.
Some goth boots.
>> Oh, that's right.
>> We didn't buy a ton, but we bought we
found we found some good stuff.
>> Oh, yeah.
All right.
Smashbox.
After that one, we'll take a break cuz I
need new needed labels needed
and the printer.
>> Oh, we're almost out.
>> Yep, we have one more.
Man, I hope they start UPS start
stocking the big boxes of labels again.
>> Yeah, I know.
>> If not, I think we're going to have to
uh
we're not even close to being out right
out yet. But
need to keep an eye on it.
I need to sign this.
I just wrote on your monitor.
>> What? What' you do that for?
>> I didn't mean to.
>> Okay. Got a pretty good uh GI Joe here.
This guy sold for like 40 bucks, huh?
>> 45, I believe. Okay. Yeah. 48.
>> Wow.
That last Joe by was really uh
>> that was a fun one.
>> Yeah,
>> Joe and Transformer.
>> I enjoyed that one
>> cuz I mean
>> it wasn't just all the same thing. It
was a good mix. good mix of high and
lower value stuff
>> and uh lines, you know,
>> we had Transformers, GI Joes,
>> Star Wars.
>> Star Wars Turtles.
>> Yep.
>> Oh, and um Toxic Avengers. Is that what
they were called?
>> Yep.
>> Yeah, that was a good one.
Those are not the kind of collections
you come across often.
Oh, I don't have my uh other resizer.
>> Yeah,
>> man. I got to figure out
>> after we uh finish packing today. You
need to look for that other thing.
>> Yeah, I had a little Man. Okay, my
resizing is going to be a little
could be a little How you doing today?
Eyeball resizing.
That's when you really find out.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't think it's going to be that bad.
Probably be a little faster.
You may have to go grab a box for this
next thing.
All right, y'all. We got these car mats
and
I'm going to freehand
resize a 14 1410 here.
And I'm just look I'm just trying to go
approximately down the middle
cuz that's going to give me
approximately what I need.
This is probably not going to be one of
my prettier res. I could tell this line
right here is really bad.
That'll be okay.
I mean, really, the precision I normally
try and do this with is not necessary.
It doesn't matter
unless it somehow gets intercepted and
put into the box.
The box beauty pageant
Okay, let's see what we got. I already
put the thank you card right there.
And this is a good fit, except I can
still
still do more.
We're not done yet on this pack.
This is the part that could end up
looking really bad if I'm not careful.
Let's see.
Yeah, I don't have a great reference or
a good eye.
And I'm going to have to take off
pretty good bit of this.
Make sure I don't come off too much.
Okay. Yeah, we'll be fine like that.
And we'll get a little bit of I'm going
to keep these two panels right here for
scrap for later.
The rest of that is too small.
I'm going to do this and this.
Yeah, I think that's good.
Candace, on some of these wonky looking
resizes, make sure you find the
>> the biggest side,
>> the highest side.
>> Yeah.
>> If it gets too much more
it's it's certainly a little wonky
looking, but it's
it's not so bad that they would charge
me irregular package rate. something.
That's how you know it's wonky if is if
they
>> like they don't even know how to measure
it.
>> Look at that thing.
>> What?
>> Nothing.
>> Whoa. Whoa. You laughing at my package?
>> I was thinking about something.
>> Okay, that's going to be the title.
Candace started laughing at my package
>> in front of everybody.
>> Okay.
Uh, I don't know about that one.
>> About what one?
>> That title.
>> Oh, why not? Okay. Well, you come up
with a better title by the by the time
we finish packing and we'll use it.
Otherwise, we're using that one. Okay.
This is kind of a pricey mask, right?
>> Yeah. Well, $35. Not really.
>> Oh, okay. Still gets a box.
>> That's sold on Mccuri. It's going UPS.
I mean, it's not 35 is pricey to me.
Remember when 35 was expensive?
>> Yep.
Let's see.
Ah,
I'm going to use a little bit of
I've never had a problem with it, but
I'm trying to remember in in situations
where the tape could potentially damage
the product or stick to the product to
use painters tape instead.
just don't always remember.
We got a lot of UPS today.
>> Yeah,
a lot of big stuff.
>> Okay, there's your mask.
Ah, expensive glasses here.
>> They sold those are coffee mugs. $200.
They're going back to New Orleans. You
weren't with me when I bought that, were
you?
>> No.
>> Yeah.
>> You sent me a picture.
>> Would y'all believe that? I
I All by myself.
>> Yeah, I know why. Because it has the big
word homes across it.
>> Say Holmes.
>> Holmes. DH. Holmes.
>> Yeah, you right. That's what it says in
there. I'm going to go ahead and paper.
I mean, there's not a bunch for me to do
here. Um,
but I am going to go ahead and paper the
insides of these mugs.
The separate the the way they're in
there is like really nice, actually.
>> Yeah, I know. And they're um they're not
going far, so I think they'll be just
fine. Just slap a label on that box and
we're good.
>> Yeah, pretty much.
>> Tape it up. Yeah. Maybe not quite that,
but yeah. Candace is trying to make sure
she never has to pack. She just says
stuff like that. It'll ride.
Oh, it'll get there fine. What's the
worst that could happen? She says stuff
like that.
>> All right,
man. If I felt any movement at all
>> in there, I would be worried about it.
But I don't, and I'm not.
Yeah, these are cool. Vic and Natalie.
Natly,
>> we've had a like a serving tree
>> and it it sold for good money.
>> Yep.
>> That must be a thing.
>> Yeah, you're right.
I wonder if those were two real people,
Vic and Natley.
>> Must have been maybe it was a local
cartoon
in the uh
what's New Orleans?
>> Tom Pickune.
>> Tom's picking.
>> Yeah.
>> I wonder why it was called that.
>> What? Tom stickun.
>> It must be the same publishers that
published the uh
the Baton Rouge papers, I would assume.
Let's see.
Yeah, I'm going to use one of these.
Really? If I just float if I float that
in here.
Good.
Oh, okay. Here's a little trivia for
you. Do you know what the word pickun
means?
>> Um,
pick you. No, I don't.
>> In the 1800s, it was a Spanish coin
worth about 6 and 1/4 cents at the time.
>> Oh, so that's why that's
>> So, the original newspaper found that in
1837, that's what it cost to buy it.
They named it after the coin, the
Pikune. Wait, the original Oh, in New
Orleans.
>> Yeah, the newspaper. That's why they
named it the Pikyune because that's what
it cost to buy it. One Pikyune.
>> Oh,
>> yeah.
>> Is that just a southern thing? Uh or
like
>> what
>> do other are other newspapers across the
country called the Pikyune or is that
like a is that just
>> I don't know.
>> Huh. I never even thought to check what
Pikyune meant. There is also a there's a
Pikyune Mississippi as well,
>> right?
>> The town.
>> So I guess it was named after that for
some reason. Yeah. So the newspaper was
originally just the Pikyune and then it
became the Times Pikyune.
>> Huh.
>> Yeah. Now is when I really need my uh my
guide.
>> Your God.
>> Guide.
Maybe God too, but maybe not. This might
be a little trivial for that.
I'm going to save that for the big ones.
>> That's a big old box,
>> huh?
>> Nothing.
>> What? This?
>> Yeah.
>> What are you talking about? Talking
about my package again?
>> It's a big old box. Why?
>> I mean, that's not kind of what I
envisioned when I listed it.
>> Oh, it's not going to be that big.
>> Okay. How big do you think that box is?
>> Is that a 12?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> What do you think it was?
>> The 14.
>> Oh,
shoot. The other papers are in the I got
to get all my stuff back out of the
office.
>> I'm going to go run and get it or are
you good?
>> No, I'm good.
>> That's really
Are you going to want it for those guns?
Pay them though.
>> Probably. So,
>> okay. I'll go run and get it while you
finish it up.
>> All right.
He's talking about the U.
We have a roll of bogus paper
in the office. It's a little bit heavier
than this kind of paper here.
We got a pack coming up where I think
it'd be a little better.
Okay.
Yeah, it's not that big, huh?
All right.
All right. Some Lucasy
boot form cover something and others.
Just going to use one of these bubble
mailers.
And that's a wrap on those. We have the
uh
>> Oh, that's going priority.
>> Huh?
>> Priority.
>> This is
>> this
>> what?
>> Yeah.
>> Why?
>> I don't know. That's what
>> Wait, what? What? What site is that?
Etsy.
>> Let me see.
>> Oh, wait. Never mind. I thought they
selected that.
>> No, no, no. I was about to say, uhuh. We
ain't shipping that priority.
>> It's only two more dollars, honestly.
>> Yeah. Well, it's not worth it.
>> I thought they selected it. I was
looking at the wrong thing. They
selected uh parcel.
>> Oh, I was saying uh we we also got a
bunch of those uh crochet full boot
covers. None of those is sold yet.
>> No.
>> Okay.
Happy co the art world.
Definitely been an uptick in sales of
your PopMart stuff lately.
>> I know it was kind of quiet after
Christmas,
>> right?
>> And now it's picked back up.
All
right. Got some
happy code done. Got some uh this is a
good brand to look out for if y'all
don't normally those of y'all that deal
with shoes know about that brand for
sure. But we don't normally deal with
shoes.
Keen keen.
>> Pretty keen on keen.
>> We bought We don't see them a ton. No,
>> this particular style is very popular.
I feel like when we do see them, they're
pretty they're pretty beat a lot of
times.
That
All right.
So, you've been looking at rates this
morning. US USPS went up on their rates.
>> They always do it on Sundays.
>> You know why? They catch it. They catch
you, man.
>> Yep.
They would that that boost on over the
weekend that gets them a couple extra
days. At least they it does with us,
>> right? Because we don't ship on the
weekend. I know a lot of resellers do go
in and ship to avoid having to pay more.
We just couldn't, you know.
>> We didn't want to.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. We're paying eight 8% more on most
postage today.
just the way it is.
>> Some things will never change.
>> I would say we're not paying more, our
customers are, but that's not actually
true either because uh
>> Yep.
>> in the cases where our customers will
still buy it even though the shipping's
a little higher,
which hopefully is the case, then we're
still paying the fees on that.
So anytime shipping goes up, it's
directly affects the bottom line no
matter what.
>> Yeah.
>> No way around it.
>> I know.
>> And it's temporary, but it's like a
year.
>> It's pretty that they go up on the
shipping on a day they're not even open.
>> So obvious how intentional that is.
They don't even do business on Sundays
and they're raising rates.
>> Well, they do for Amazon. They don't
>> deliveries.
>> Yeah.
>> They don't have their little little
lobbies open selling postage.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Kind of makes me mad now about it.
>> Is about to rant.
>> I'm about to go lobby Congress.
>> About what?
>> Raising rates on Sundays.
>> Oh, okay. It's not the fact they raised
them. It's the day they did it on.
>> Right. Well, I don't like them raising
it either.
>> Okay. Well, these aren't too bad.
>> I forgot we do have glassware.
>> Do we have glassware besides this or
this is what you're talking about?
>> No, that's it.
I'm making molotov cocktails.
All right.
>> Blinkco.
>> Blend. Blenco.
>> Blendo. Blinko. No, Blinkco is a game on
Price is Right. Huh.
>> Plinko.
And it's spelled with a I. It's not
plenco. It's plinkco.
>> Still say it the same. Just like pen and
pen.
>> Pen.
>> It's not pen. It's pen.
>> Bring that back.
I never knew people pronounce p i n and
pen the same. They didn't pronounce the
same.
These sold on eBay, Candace. These uh
>> Yes.
Blendo.
>> Blenco.
>> Blink. No, isn't Blendo?
>> No, it's got a K.
>> It's Blinko. Oh,
>> you're think there is a vintage glass
row. That's Blend. Blendo.
>> Blendo, right? Wait, are you sure? Are
you sure you're right on this? I see you
starting to I see that look on her face.
>> Yeah, I'm sure of those. She
>> starts doubting herself.
>> No, I know that's what that is. Okay.
>> Planko was that one where the the disc
would fall down and hit against the
>> Yep.
>> See, that show was smart
because it
>> still is.
>> It was a show that
>> Yeah.
I don't know how good it is now.
I can't get used to Drew Carey being the
host and it's been like a decade at
least.
>> I know. I've never
>> It's not right.
>> I've never gotten his sense of humor.
>> I haven't either. His The Drew Carry
Show was kind of funny at the time.
>> I didn't think so.
>> I don't think it aged well.
I don't think his standup is good.
>> No.
>> Whose Line Is It Anyway, was pretty
good.
>> That was good, but not because
>> No, it wasn't because of him. So, no. I
Drew Car's overrated,
>> man. And I used to love that show.
>> No, not Drew. Drew Drew Cary. I'm not
trying to say Jim Carrey.
>> Who's Lining is I used to just watch
that repeat on repeat. It was so funny.
Okay.
Okay. Yeah, this is good.
Let's see how I want to orient them.
Yeah, I don't know how we came to this,
but yeah, I'm going to I'm going to say
it. Hot take. Drew Carrie's overrated. I
I don't think that's even a a lukewarm
take, though.
>> No,
>> I'm not saying I dislike the guy.
>> I never saw him do stand up. Maybe he
was good at standup. I don't know.
>> Uh, no, I don't think so.
>> I never saw it.
He had to be somewhat good to get a
career.
>> I think he I think he just came through
with his uh a shucks, I'm a I'm a nerd
kind of vibe.
>> Yeah,
>> it was kind of different. I don't know.
But anyways, I didn't mean to turn this
into Drew Cary hate Hour cuz I don't
like I don't dislike the guy.
>> I know. I don't like
>> I don't really
>> I don't think he's a bad person.
>> I'm really ambivalent.
>> I don't find him funny.
>> No, that's it. It doesn't mean
>> Okay. I'm not funny. I could never do
comedic routine. Yeah, that's not a
problem for you though because you're
not a comedian.
>> All right.
>> The problem for Drew Carey comes in and
where you're like, "Oh, wait. He's
that's what he does for a living."
>> Somebody must
>> We don't think he's good at it.
>> I think I used to think he was funny.
>> Did y'all see what he did there? Put a
piece of cardboard in between them.
>> Yeah.
I'm not doing the full box and box, but
I'm doing
that.
>> A quarter of a box
>> just so they don't hurt each other.
But Drew Car
Drew Cary right here. I'm trying not to
say make sure I don't say Jim Carrey,
but Drew Carey
he's never seemed comfortable on Price
is Right.
>> No,
>> he always seems so awkward. It's like
>> and and anytime I like I'm not I'm not
sitting around watching TV that time of
day normally, but anytime I happen to
catch it, I'm like I wonder if he's
gotten better.
>> You know, I don't understand why they
went in that direction because
What was the other guy's name?
>> Bob Barker.
>> Yeah, he was more like he wasn't a
comedian. He was like the charming guy,
you know?
>> Yeah. The schmarmy7s
type guy,
>> the talk show or game show host,
>> right?
>> I don't know why they went in the
comedian direction.
>> Cuz Yeah. You had like the charming guy
and then all the pretty models.
>> Yeah, they they they miscast that.
>> Mhm. I must be working though. But the
show is still on the air, I think.
>> Yeah, but I feel like it would be on the
air no matter what. The reason, man, why
how are we talking about this for this
long? The only The reason I brought that
up is cuz it's just genius. We're
talking about cartoons not too long ago.
The cartoons that appeal
to
the adults so they so it doesn't get
turned off. This is the opposite of
that. It's the adult show that has like
the silly games and stuff that'll appeal
to the children so the kids don't get
you to change the channel,
>> you know.
>> I never thought about that.
>> Yeah, I think that's that's what's
what's going on there,
>> and they're they're working they're
working uh the homemaker over.
>> Yeah.
>> With the ads and stuff with the
products,
>> right?
>> That's that's hitting the adults.
>> That was pretty smart. That show, too.
They got all this free stuff coming in
from sponsors
that the show is themed around,
>> right? They got they got paid to do all
that. They're brilliant and still are.
>> Did you ever see the um the documentary
whenever on the guy that was able to
cheat the system? Like Yeah.
>> He memorized the price.
>> But he wasn't cheating though.
>> Well, no, he was just really smart.
Memorize the price of everything.
>> Yeah, that guy
>> pretty pretty awesome.
>> He was Man, he was kind of creepy
though.
>> Yeah.
They finally had him go up there and he
like
or he went up a couple of times, didn't
he? Wasn't he on the show a couple
times?
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> And he would like scorch him every time,
right?
>> Yep.
>> There's always somebody that takes it
just a little too seriously, right?
>> Take a break after that one. I want to
get stuff packed up.
>> Okay.
All right, we sold
another one of these Stanley um
what are they called?
>> Two cup cooks at
>> Oh, Candace just ate some cracker or
something right before I I dropped I
dropped that on her.
>> I was trying to swallow this dry.
>> I wasn't even looking at you. I'm sorry.
Candace had Candace was mid chew on a
but a mouthful of cracker and I dropped
a bomb on her and walked off.
Man, now it's all stuck in my throat.
Peanut butter crackers.
Oh, that's going out of the country.
>> Is it?
>> Where's it headed?
>> Let me see. Oh, I guess you don't know,
huh?
>> You can see. I have to go to the order.
>> I think that's the second one we sold at
international.
>> Norway.
Heck yeah.
>> We could just send it with Molly next
month. It might get there faster.
Molly's going out there,
man. Molly has had some of the best
opportunities to travel because
>> between my mom and school.
>> Yeah. Especially with your mom though.
Yeah.
>> Her mom travels a bunch.
>> She travels international a bunch
>> and Molly is gone on a lot of awesome
trips.
>> Mhm.
She's going on a cruise that goes to
Norway and Iceland.
>> Yeah. That's going to be awesome.
>> And they're flying into London, so
they're going to spend a few days there.
>> She's uh
I'm I'm very grateful she's able to do
that kind of traveling.
>> Yep.
>> And that your mom is very generous with
that, too.
>> Oh, yeah.
She'll just say uh
she'll usually ask us first.
Actually, she always does, right?
>> She knows we're not going to say no,
>> right?
>> Unless there's like a school conflict or
something, you know.
>> She's been some amazing places,
man. When I was when I was younger,
the first the first time I I flew on an
airplane that I remember cuz I think I
did actually when I was a baby. I flew
out to California. But the first time I
flew on an airplane
I think I was
I think I was like 13.
>> I was an adult. I was I was 21.
>> That's crazy when you think about it.
when you think about about our kids, how
uh
>> Yep.
>> how much they've traveled versus how
much we traveled.
>> I know.
>> Now, we did travel a lot, but we did
road trips. We had a motor home. Um took
a train, you know, we did a lot of
travel, but not like no international,
>> right? International travel didn't get
Well, I mean, at least at least around
here.
in in this in my world that wasn't a
thing,
>> right?
>> That wasn't a thing that uh
>> that was for the rich,
>> right?
Yep. That's the way I always looked at
it. That's still kind of the way I look
at it. Some extent
seems like it's not It seems like it's
more accessible than it used to be,
though.
>> It is. Yeah. Well, yeah. I mean,
obviously everything's expensive now,
but I I feel like international travel
is
maybe a little more affordable than it
used to be
by comparison.
But yeah, that's awesome. Your mother's
bringing her on that.
>> Yeah.
>> You don't know how many opportunities
you have to do stuff like that.
You know, that's why my mom travels so
I'm very happy for her.
Yep.
All right.
>> That's a rough book there.
>> Yeah, rough couple of books.
1961 shop manual and supplement.
They look rough, but I mean they're
still
Oh, and I need to get a bigger one of
these.
Kind of. I think they're probably going
to be just too thick for a um
what these sell for like 30 bucks, 25
bucks.
I remember they weren't worth anywhere
near as much as I was kind of thinking
they would be. 20
>> $20.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay.
Got you again.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. I'm going to go ahead and use a
box on this.
Candace, we have so much good stuff to
list.
>> I know. Are you going to do the beer top
handles today?
>> Yeah, I am.
>> You know what I'm going to do? I'm going
to set up in the same spot I did the
reels in.
>> Yeah.
>> Don't you think that's a good idea?
>> Mhm.
I'm going knock them suckers out.
That's going to be fun. You don't mind
if I do that lot, do you?
>> Nope.
>> It's your buy.
>> Well, not really. I mean,
>> it is. You did it all.
>> I know, but you would have bought it,
too,
right? Hm.
>> It was a no-brainer kind of bug.
>> Yeah, you happened to get to that side
of the room before,
>> right? I mean, either one of us.
>> There was clothing to distract me.
>> I'm surprised we both walked in that
room and we both went in the same
direction. Usually, we split off. Well,
I I saw books and I get that's where I'm
at right now
in my reselling journey
is I used like
books attract me like a moth to flame.
>> Yeah.
>> Have you noticed that?
>> Especially they were vintage sci-fi.
Actually, I walked in and saw him and I
said, "Lonnie, you need to come over
here."
>> Yep. And I was like,
>> I was in the room before him
>> and I was like, "Oh." And I just got I
was blinded.
Thankfully,
there were some other people that came
in and were buying a pretty good bit
around the same time. So, thankfully, we
we moved on over to the
>> we got that was our last sale. I can't
believe those things were still there.
>> I know.
>> And all those beer signs.
I know. Like to me it's like any
reseller that would walk in there
would have would have been like but you
know a lot of resellers though
they're looking for the dollar to dollar
to 20 dollar to 50.
>> Yeah. They don't
>> uh five to 50.
>> Yeah.
>> They're not looking to
>> We're not seeing all resellers but not
the average.
>> No no no.
You know like I used to be like that.
>> Yeah. for a long time. Like I wouldn't
even And the truth is if you're like if
you don't want to re Oh man, this one,
huh? If you don't want to ri get risky
and and and spend bigger money at at
yard sales, you don't have to,
>> right?
>> There's so much stuff out there.
>> There's something for everyone
>> that you you don't have to spend, you
know, $150 on stuff or whatever. You can
just stick to, you know,
>> stick to your guns.
>> Stick Yeah. Okay. And we got a barrel
there. All right. I think I'm Okay. I
was planning on with this.
I was planning on doing 216 1210s.
I'm going go ahead and get those down
now.
>> Well, these media male rates didn't go
up.
>> Well, we take solace in that. But one of
the reasons they probably didn't go up
is cuz they had already gone up a bunch
of times before,
>> right?
>> Media rate went up faster than other
services
recently.
Okay, let's see. How much do I want to
take apart here?
Had this suppressor on it. I think I'm I
don't think I'm going to take barrels
off or anything.
>> I guess we got all the paintballs out of
them, huh?
>> Yep.
>> That one That one had some loose ones in
it. It's hard to see,
>> man. Somebody got a great deal on these.
>> Yeah,
>> which I'm happy. I'm I'm glad to do that
cuz
it was a win for us. Like I I was
shocked.
I was shocked whenever I inquired about
the
because I I don't want to get too deep
into paintball stuff really.
But when he said when when he agreed to
20 bucks, I was like, "Well, at that
price,
>> I got to.
>> We have to."
>> Yep.
>> So, I just won't spend a lot of time on
it. Bush.
>> Thank you.
>> I won't spend much time on it. Bush.
>> And I will,
>> huh?
>> My third one was late.
>> I know.
I won't spend a whole bunch of time on
it and
we'll just we'll sell them as is.
This is probably the best condition asis
lot of all time.
And heck, we made
>> How do you like that name?
>> Maximilliano.
>> Yeah.
>> Maximillano.
>> Maximilliano.
>> That you know that sounds like a really
good Pepperage Farm cookie,
>> doesn't it?
>> Yeah.
Really particularly scrum. Yeah, man.
I've always thought that those little
Pepperage Farm cookies.
>> They're so good. My f What's your
favorite one?
>> I don't know. salito.
>> But I always used to say I always used
to say like when Candace would buy a
little bag of them, I'd be like, "Man,
how those that little stupid that little
stupid bag is that's so expensive. That
ain't no way that's worth it." And then
I'm like, "Give me one of those." I'm
like, "Oh, I get it."
>> Yeah,
>> they're good.
>> I don't buy them too often. Yeah,
they're good.
>> Especially with a coffee, man.
>> I like Salelito and I like Milano.
>> Yeah, Milano. It's another one. But man,
we we haven't had those in forever.
>> No.
>> All right. Just doing a little
preliminary tape up.
I have a feeling this person is going to
be extreme. They probably couldn't
believe the deal they got,
>> right?
>> They pro This is probably
It's probably over This is definitely
over $200 worth of guns.
Should have been.
And they didn't have to pay a terrible
amount of shipping because they were
just going to Texas.
Did you watch that video I sent you or
Ryan text y'all yesterday?
>> No.
>> Oh my gosh, it's so funny.
>> What is it?
>> This dude in our parish,
somebody was behind videoing the police
chasing this dude on a go-kart.
>> Oh,
>> he was running from the police on a
go-kart about five miles.
Finally, the dude tries to take a quick
turn off the highway onto the side road
and hit the ditch and he jumps out the
little go-kart and the police jumps out,
goes after him. He hits the police in
the head with a wrench.
>> Did he end up getting shot?
>> No, the police.
>> How do they not shoot him?
>> The police could have the guy could have
really gone after him and he he he
showed restraint.
>> The cops cops did.
>> Yeah, it was just one single cop. You
think it was like a
>> This guy was obviously on drugs. He was
acting crazy. He had a He was driving
this go-kart. It had like a big speaker
on top mounted on top.
>> I've seen I've seen a lot of people like
that recently. It seems like
>> and then two um two guys jumped out of
their cars, two civilians and helped him
wrestle him to the ground.
It was crazy.
The go-kart was barely moving down the
road and this police was on side of him
telling him to stop.
>> It's like a OJ Simpson chase.
>> I know. It was crazy.
>> This is the only other really harder
pack here, huh?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. You're in the fridge.
>> Okay.
>> Cuz we do have something else big, but
they're another movie real lot which is
preacked, I think.
Okay. I just need to Man, I'm doing some
eyeballing today.
Oh, man. I don't know.
Maybe about like that. Yeah. Okay. About
like that. We'll see how the old
eyeballing works out here. This could be
really bad.
Let's see how this comes together.
It looks pretty good from here. I don't
know about this one.
>> Here, hold this. Hold these for a
second. Here, hold my markers.
See
>> any particular one you want to put
first?
>> Just trying to kind of judge.
Yeah. Oh man, that is a really bad
resize. I'm going probably have to kind
of redo it a little bit. All right. So,
I'm just trying to kind of get the
length. That length is good. You can set
those over there.
Okay. But yeah, this is this is a mess
of a resize though. This is not good.
See,
it might all It might come out okay.
It's going to be a little wonky looking,
though, for sure. All right, I'm going
to use
use some of that heavier paper again.
Is there anything in those?
I don't know what this is going to look
like when I'm done.
Have a feeling it might not be that
good.
Okay,
>> boy. Somebody x-rayed this package.
>> I know.
>> This isn't going eis, is it?
>> No, it's going to Texas.
>> Oh, it's going to Texas.
>> Yeah, they're used to this.
>> No worries. He's in Texas.
>> Could you orient that gun another
direction?
This one right here.
I can probably do this and this.
There's a pocket there now. Okay. Yeah,
that's good.
All right.
Do I have a thank you card over there?
Yep.
>> Maximo.
>> That's right.
>> Oh my gosh. You imagine if they did
X-ray this package.
>> Yep. As a matter of fact,
if it's if it's all the if it's all
pretty close, I prefer this go UPS.
>> Okay.
>> All else being fairly equal, like unless
it's
>> right.
>> That's what you had it set up for.
>> Yeah. I I This is Yeah.
USPS ain't no telling with them.
We might close down a whole distribution
center or something.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, the hub shut down today on a scare.
A package from shed flips. What's the
shed flips?
>> They're flipping some contraband.
Whole bunch of tension on that.
It's trying to pop
trying to pop up. Now you can't.
Pretty gnarly looking package, huh?
Better than I would have done.
That is not the standard Candace.
Every time I pack, I ask myself, could
Candace have done this better? If the
answer is ever yes,
>> you know, you need to redo it.
>> I need to redo it.
Not that you're a bad packer. You're
just not a packer.
>> You're just not. I've tried.
>> You're not a packer, though. I mean,
>> I can pack and I don't have to resize.
>> I've tried.
>> The resizing is only because we don't
stock enough boxes, you know.
I could throw something in a poly bag
like a mofo.
>> Okay.
>> Fact that [__] two items last week.
Amazon returns.
>> Oh, returns. Yeah. All of a sudden she
could whip up a she could Oh, a pack of
Amazon returns.
>> Actually, they both went in a poly bag.
>> Pack of shed flips order. Nah.
>> That's a meme.
>> Is that meme?
>> Yeah. With that Drake. Yeah.
Okay, now I'm just doing having fun. All
right,
>> you missed.
>> So, how bad did this come? How did how
bad did this come out? I don't think
it's that bad.
>> You missed a spot,
>> huh? Let me get out of here. It's fine.
All right,
don't actually get out of here. We got
to finish working.
Okay, eye pencil. That's a little
easier.
I thought today was going to be easy.
It's been a There have been a few
challenges so far.
>> Oh, yeah. Just not
>> sure
>> not our normal kind of stuff, but
>> some interesting stuff, right?
>> Oh, yeah.
Like I said, nothing. We had a lot of
big things, but nothing too too hard
>> or nothing nothing really fragile.
That's the difference, right?
>> All right. Got a belt buckle going out.
Shoot. I might just pack that in uh
I'll pack that in a poly and no a bubble
mailer.
Pat it up real good and put it in a
bubble miller.
These ground advantage bubble mailers
are just fantastic.
>> Yep. I love them.
>> Super high quality.
>> Another reel lot.
>> Yep.
All right. this one.
Just slide this sucker in
after we sell another We sold the last
time I listed these. Like I said, I
think I might have said it earlier,
listed 10 on Thursday and we've already
sold three. Correct. Three. Three of
them.
>> Yeah.
So
once we sell another once we sell
another two, I'll probably do another
big round of listing.
>> Right. Right.
>> I have to be somewhat measured because
we have for one thing, we have a lot of
other stuff we can list and for another
these things take up a ton of room in
the shed.
>> Yeah. We can't like we couldn't have
them all listed at once. So, we couldn't
store them anywhere.
>> I I would Yeah, I mean, we could, but it
would mean the only way we could really
do that is if we store them listed off
site and they sell often enough to where
that would be really inconvenient.
>> Yeah, I don't want to have to go every
day to offsite to pick box of these up.
>> I don't either.
We try and do offsite stuff for higher
value large stuff
>> slow moving
>> that's likely to take a while
>> like a blow mold for instance
>> right
>> is like a perfect example of that
>> that's four action figures there so
>> okay yeah I'm
>> do what you will with it
>> I'm going to do a I think I'm going to
do a 14
10 six with it I think that's going to
be Perfect.
Just like it is, too. I'm not going to
resize it.
When you're done with that, I'll move
it.
>> Okay.
>> Doesn't it feel good getting those out
of here? Oh yeah. I love it.
>> My gosh.
>> I don't know why we did we had waited so
long to start listing them.
>> Because it's the same like because we
buy we make a big buy and then we make
another buy and then we make another
buy.
>> Yeah.
>> And stuff goes on the back burner and
then like honestly there was some
I had some buyer remorse with these.
>> But now now you don't. Right.
>> It was unfounded.
>> Yeah.
It was kind of overwhelming cuz it was
so many.
>> Yeah, it was overwhelming.
And we put it in storage and and close
the door on it for what, 6 months?
>> Yep.
>> I don't know. There's no good There's no
good reason here, y'all. Just that's
what happened.
Turns out shouldn't have buyers remorse.
They're doing exactly what we plan on
them doing so far.
>> Yep. We probably paid for
We paid for probably half of them
already and we've sold maybe not 5% of
them.
>> Yep.
>> You know, it's like it's going
fantastic.
>> I honestly didn't know there would be
that good of a market for them.
>> Well, the reason there is is we got them
at a price such that we're able to sell
them,
>> pass on the deal,
>> right? We're not trying to get $20 a
whack or anything.
>> All right. if you'll move that for me.
>> Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Oh,
>> we got some UPS going out today.
>> Okay, good.
We have some days where where we don't
like are we even going to have a UPS
package,
>> right?
>> That is not today.
All right, we got a magic book here.
Little Dick Stone.
>> You can tell the items that sold on
Sunday. The the shipping is correct.
>> Oh, cuz it already changed.
>> Yep.
>> Dick Stoner magic book.
I love these vinyl mailers so much.
Not even like even if you don't even if
you don't ship vinyl, they're still
nice.
All right. There's your
Dick Stoner book.
>> There's your last item.
>> Oh, this is it?
>> Yep.
>> Wow. Okay.
And my
good.
Okay. I think that's going to require
an 864.
Here we go.
I feel like it's going to be a good
week.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Yeah. Don't you?
>> I feel like it's going to be hot.
>> It is. I think the heat is here finally.
>> I think we're kind of feeling it right
now cuz we're moving around.
>> No, it got hot early this morning.
Earlier than it has been.
>> Yep. And we we haven't been uh leaving
the air conditioner on at night.
>> Right.
>> That's probably going to have to change.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. It was warm when I came in here
this morning.
>> Yeah.
I hope you had 15 ounces on this.
>> I did.
>> Oh man. Okay. I am not putting a new
We're just going to go 2 inch here.
Man, when you're used to using 3 in
tape, the 2 in it feels like you're
using scotch tape.
2inch tape is I would say it's fine. I
hate 2inch tape now to be honest. I'm a
tape tape snob. Okay. Well, uh, all
right. That's going to be it for this
one. Thanks so much for watching. We'll
see y'all again very soon. Bye, y'all.
>> Bye.